Add apache_tomcat, cockroachdb, rust and spring_boot files (#132)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/rust.md

---
name: Rust
category: Languages and Frameworks
description: Rust is an open source multi-paradigm, general-purpose programming language that emphasizes performance, type safety, and concurrency.
download_url: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 1.8.0
    release_date: 10/09/2020

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://www.rust-lang.org/learn
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:

>         arm_content: https://github.com/ArmDeveloperEcosystem/arm-learning-paths/blob/main/content/install-guides/rust.md

Author: change to: https://learn.arm.com/install-guides/rust/

>         partner_content: https://aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-rust/

Author: I can't see anything arm64 specific.

        official_docs: https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: No ARM64 release notes are available. Installation and testing is done via tar.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: No ARM64 release notes are available. Installation and testing is done using released tar file.
```
